nats in memory (#8982)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/event-mesh/05-01-nats-streaming.md

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **global.natsStreaming.persistence.enabled** | Enables / disables saving events to a persistent volume | `true` |
| **global.natsStreaming.persistence.maxAge** | Specifies the time for which the given Event is stored in NATS Streaming. | `24h` |
| **global.natsStreaming.persistence.size** | Specifies the size of the persistent volume in NATS Streaming. | `1Gi` |
| **global.natsStreaming.resources.limits.memory** | Specifies the memory limits for NATS Streaming. | `256M` |
| **global.natsStreaming.channel.maxInactivity** | Specifies the time after which the autocleaner removes all backing resources related to a given Event type from the NATS Streaming database if there is no activity for this Event type. | `48h` |

> >**IMPORTANT:** If persistence is disabled `nats` will store undelivered messages in memory. All restarts of `nats` will lead to lost undelivered messages. Do NOT use this in a production setup!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** If persistence is disabled, `nats` will store undelivered messages in memory. All restarts of `nats` will lead to the loss of undelivered messages. Do **not** use this in a production setup.
```
